Day After Dashboard in a Day/README.md, before:

![Power BI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/pbiworkshops/main/_Asset%20Library/powerbi.svg)
</br>
</br>

# Day After Dashboard in a Day

## Introduction
In the Day After Dashboard in a Day you will learn about various advanced analytic features of Power BI, such as [composite models](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-bi/transform-model/desktop-composite-models), [dataflows](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-bi/transform-model/dataflows/dataflows-introduction-self-service), [query folding](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-query/power-query-folding), designing stunning reports and more.

This course assumes that you have a working knowledge of report authoring using Power BI Desktop and content sharing via the Power BI service.

### Prerequisites
The content in this lab requires access to a **Power BI Premium** workspace within the Power BI service.
- Premium Per User
- or a Premium capacity subscription

For additional system requirements, see [prerequisites for the lab](./Prerequisites.md)

## Data Preparation

In this lab you'll learn about how to shape data using Power Query Online.

1. How to create a [dataflow](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-bi/transform-model/dataflows/dataflows-introduction-self-service) to prepare and load data using Power Query Online.
1. How to write custom functions using the [Power Query M formula language](https://docs.microsoft.com/powerquery-m/).
1. How to ensure [query folding](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-query/power-query-folding) is occurring when transforming data.

To start the lab, visit [Data Preparation](./DataPreparation.md)

## Data Modeling

In this lab you'll learn how to create datasets optimized for performance and usability using Power BI Desktop.

1. How to configure different [Storage Modes](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-bi/transform-model/desktop-storage-mode) and how to properly model your [data](https://learn.microsoft.com/power-bi/guidance/star-schema) using Power BI Desktop.

    Storage modes:
    1. [DirectQuery](https://learn.microsoft.com/power-bi/connect-data/desktop-directquery-about#directquery-connections)
    1. [Mixed](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-bi/transform-model/desktop-composite-models)
    1. [Import](https://learn.microsoft.com/power-bi/connect-data/desktop-directquery-about#import-connections)
1. How to use the [Performance analyzer](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-bi/create-reports/desktop-performance-analyzer) to examine report performance.
1. How to use [External Tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-bi/transform-model/desktop-external-tools) for professional development.

To start the lab, visit [Data Modeling](./DataModeling.md)

## Data Visualization

In this lab you'll learn about designing efficient and stunning reports using Power BI Desktop.

1. How to use canvas backgrounds and shape elements to create professional report layouts.
1. How to create report level measures.
1. How to leverage no-code artificial intelligence to find new insights in your data.

To start the lab, visit [Data Visualization](./DataVisualization.md)

Commit message:

Updating to DADIAD with Fabric material

Day After Dashboard in a Day/README.md, after:

![Microsoft Fabric](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/FabricCAT/main/Asset%20Library/MicrosoftFabric.png)
</br>
</br>

# Day After Dashboard in a Day with Microsoft Fabric

## Introduction
In the Day After Dashboard in a Day with Microsoft Fabric you will learn about various advanced analytics experiences, such as the [Direct Lake](https://learn.microsoft.com/power-bi/enterprise/directlake-overview) mode with Synapse Data Engineering, [data destinations](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/data-factory/dataflows-gen2-overview#data-destinations) with Dataflow Gen2 and [Pipelines](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/data-factory/create-first-pipeline-with-sample-data) in Data Factory, and designing stunning reports and more with Power BI.

This course assumes that you have a working knowledge of authoring using Power BI Desktop and content sharing via the Microsoft Fabric service (cloud).

### Prerequisites
The content in this lab requires access to a **Premium** workspace within the Microsoft Fabric service.
- Premium capacity subscription
- **Note:** Premium Per User ***is not*** supported.

For additional system requirements, see [prerequisites for the lab](./Prerequisites.md)

## Data Preparation

In this lab you'll learn about how to shape and orchestrate your data using Data Factory experiences.

1. How to create a [Dataflow Gen2](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-bi/transform-model/dataflows/dataflows-introduction-self-service) to prepare and load data using Power Query Online.
1. Understanding the [storage and compute staging](https://blog.fabric.microsoft.com/blog/data-factory-spotlight-dataflows-gen2?ft=Data-factory:category) architecture for large scale data transformations.
1. How to use [Pipelines](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/data-factory/activity-overview) to orchestrate and control your data movement.

To start the lab, visit [Data Preparation](./DataPreparation.md)

## Data Modeling

In this lab you'll learn how to create datasets optimized for scale and performance usability using  Power BI Desktop.

1. How to create a [Direct Lake](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-bi/transform-model/desktop-storage-mode) dataset and properly modeling your [data](https://learn.microsoft.com/power-bi/guidance/star-schema) using the Microsoft Fabric service (cloud).
1. How to use the [Notebooks]() to...
1. How to use [X](https://docs.microsoft.com/power-bi/transform-model/desktop-external-tools) for...

To start the lab, visit [Data Modeling](./DataModeling.md)

## Data Visualization

In this lab you'll learn about designing efficient and stunning reports using Power BI Desktop.

1. How to use canvas backgrounds and shape elements to create professional report layouts.
1. How to create report level measures.
1. How to leverage no-code artificial intelligence to find new insights in your data.

To start the lab, visit [Data Visualization](./DataVisualization.md)
